[Workers for Platforms] Fixes, feedback (#13814)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-for-platforms/workers-for-platforms/configuration/custom-limits.md

# Custom limits

> Custom limits allow you to programmatically set limits on your customer’s Worker to set caps on usage. We support custom limits for CPU time and a number of subrequests. If a user Worker hits either of these limits, the user Worker will immediately throw an exception. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom limits allow you to programmatically enforce limits on your customers' Workers' resource usage. You can set limits for the maximum CPU time and number of subrequests per invocation. If a user Worker hits either of these limits, the user Worker will immediately throw an exception. 
```
